Shangjing Chu family
Is it the legendary force clan?
rich enough to rival the country
Businesses all over the world
Control the economic lifeline of Great Xia
The one that Great Xia called the Great Summer Time
Shangjing Chu family
Hey, the Chu family is amazing
Too ugly is good
My lady is the third lady of the Shangjing Chu family
Chu Yunxi doesn't know that Miss Chu is not worthy
Miss Chu, who I offended for a while
Please punish the eldest lady
The ignorant are innocent
Gu Haoran Longfei is the signature of Feilong Martial Arts Hall
Also your big brother
The cultivation base is much higher than yours
How dare you be so disrespectful to him?
Miss Du, what is Long Fei's relationship with you?
Why are you so
I just can't stand your eyes
Just look like no one
When he was in the ring
You don't even know where it is
Arrogance
distinction between superiority and inferiority
Your path of martial arts is destined not to go far
Miss Chu, then you are wrong
The big brother of our Feilong Martial Arts Hall
It's not Long Fei anymore
What do you mean by that?
Miss Chu, don't you know yet?
Long Fei attempted to leak the daughter of the owner of the museum
It has long been proposed by the owner of the martial arts hall
What a pity!
At that time, I had not yet joined the Feilong Martial Arts Hall
I didn't see him roll out of the martial arts hall in dismay
Pardon me?
Long Fei was expelled from the martial arts hall
How is that possible?
Long Fei wronged me
Long Fei wronged me haha
I have seen Long Fei
His eyes are clean and bright
Have a pure heart
There's no way that's the case.
Facts speak louder than words
If you don't believe
You can go to our Feilong Martial Arts Museum for verification.
All right.
Tonight, Gu did not come to listen to other people's small talk
Who is this dancer's opponent?
We are ready.
Your opponent is him.
Pigsty, what nonsense are you talking about?
He is Gu Haoran
Why do I seem to have seen this person somewhere?